objectif but
cheveu chauve
domicile abri
parole voix
esprit stupide
pouvoir incapable
autoriser non
courant ignorant
employer emploi
sain mauvais
connaître inconnu
payer non
relation rapport
fiable non
global mondial
ambitieux trop
trop confier
habiller trop
remplir trop
optimiste trop
payer trop
jouer trop
simplifier trop
vendu trop
stimuler trop
tourner renverser
utiliser trop
courant conscience
cher prix
chaud chaleur
innover innovation
connaître reconnaître
relier reconnecter
distribuer redistribuer
croître repousser
produire reproduire
envoyer renvoyer
adapter adaptable
offrir abordable
contenir contenu
disposer jetable
faire sorte
compter fiable
renouveler renouvelable
soutenir durable
varier variable
cuir boulanger
consommer consommateur
combattre concurrent
manger mangeur
promouvoir promoteur
fournir fournisseur
tuer tueur
enseigner prof
autoriser autorisation
civiliser civilisation
calculer calcul
consulter consultation
imaginer imagination
installer installation
moderniser modernisation
obliger obligation
occuper occupation
optimiser optimisation
organiser organisation
privatiser privatisation
prendre conscience
restaurer restauration
utiliser utilisation
accuser reconnaissance
annoncer annonce
attribuer mission
engager engagement
encourager encouragement
imposer mise
imposer vigueur
donner droit
investir investissement
impliquer participation
faire gestion
remplacer remplacement
exiger exigence